p2p: use precalculated topic hash (#2378)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- [2366](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2366): The `importer_gas_price_for_block` metric is properly collected.
- [2369](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2369): The `transaction_insertion_time_in_thread_pool_milliseconds` metric is properly collected.

> - [2378](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2378): Cached P2P topic hashes are properly used when publishing gossip messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Chagned

- [2378](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2378): Use cached hash of the topic instead of calculating it on each publishing gossip message.
```

- [2366](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2366): The `importer_gas_price_for_block` metric is properly collected.
- [2369](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2369): The `transaction_insertion_time_in_thread_pool_milliseconds` metric is properly collected.

> ### Chagned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
```
